hello guys black spear and in this video
I'm going to be showing you a possible
tile update 14 feature that ender chest
and guys I want to quickly say if you do
go on to enjoy this video I'd really
appreciate if you could hit the like
button and if we can hit 250 like I
shall upload the next turn up day 14
feature and in this video i thought i'd
show you like how to make it and give
you like a more visual understanding of
how is and this is on the pc so this is
pc gameplay and as you saw that i did
just make the ender chest and the way
you do it is by placing eighth obsidian
and one eye of ender in the middle and
there you can see that you can actually
make it a double ender chest so
unfortunately it's not a double ender
chest and if you don't know what an
ender chest is guys i do show you an
example just now but it's pretty much
just like a you know a an upgrade to the
normal chest and as you can see
basically if you put an end to chest
down somewhere and then go off like
really far away adventuring or something
and you have another interest in your
inventory you can put it down and
everything that you put in the end of
chest at home will for example it will
be in that chest which is really awesome
and i do show now that it is explosion
it doesn't explode can think of the word
there but um yeah also guys if you if
you destroy this you will only get eight
obsidian back so you will not get the
hot the chest back unless you silk touch
on it and is there anything else to say
about it that's not very much else to
say i do show you how to make it again
again this is pc gameplay just to give
you like a visual look on what it is
instead of just showing you images but
um yeah cuz it's pretty much it that's
pretty much really need to know on ender
chest they're really awesome they're
just an upgrade to normal chest the
other differences when you move the the
stuff moves with you so if you if you
make to ender chest then you're pretty
much solid so you could put food in it
and see you go like um exploring or
something then you'll sort it anyway
guys I really appreciate it hit the like
button on this video if we get 250 i
will upload the next video and i'll
catch you guys in the next video